== TI Thermostat Demo ==

  Summary:
    This software provides a demo thermostat application.  All values are
    initialized to hard-coded values first and then updated from the web
    if internet options have been enabled.  Each class defines a different
    part of the user interface.  They are defined as follows:
        - Keyboard: provides a touch screen soft keyboard
            This keyboard was looped in from another application and was
            not written by me personally.  It is the only part of the application
            that uses a .ui file created using Qt Designer.
        - awayscreen: provides the screen that defines the thermostat's function
            when in AWAY MODE
        - mainwindow: this base class provides the main screen. It acts as a
            container for the themostatwidget, weatherwidget, and optionswidget
        - optionswidget: this class provides a container for the 3 options buttons
            allowing the user to pass control to the awayscreen, schedulescreen,
            or settingscreen
        - schedulescreen: this is by far the most complex class. It is the only
            one which implements a graphics view in the place of traditional
            widgets.  It allows the user to set a weekly schedule
        - settingscreen: this class allows the user to pick between a set of
            predefined cities across the world and alternate between Celsius
            and Fahrenheit
        - schedulepoint: this class defines each of the 28 individual time points
            within the schedulescreen.  It is the only class derived from a
            graphics item rather than a widget
        - thermostatwidget: this class provides the widget that allows the user
            to change the setpoint temperature and monitors the current indoor
            temperature
        - weatherwidget: this class provides the current outdoor temperature and
            weather conditions along with a 3 day forecast
        - webdata: this class is the only one that does not provide a ui element.
            This class is reponsible for providing the underlying web functionality
  More information can be found within each class definition.

  Style:
    Many of the style options were implemented using a style sheet.  The style sheet
    allows you to define the look and feel of the application.  These parameters
    are contained within thermostatdemo.qss
